Should the apple have fallen?
Oh yes, young man.
But how did it?
“Why, the answer surely is gravity,” Newton scoffed.
Do you mean that pseudo magnetic force?
“How dare you call my force magnetism!”
The drums roared; the cymbals crashed; Newton’s melody clashed against my
harmony. I called upon my fiercest arguments and unleashed them on gravity.
The gravitational forces retaliated. Revealing their non-repulsive nature,
the forces decimated my arguments. Yet, The harmony still strong, I allied
with Einstein. Building hypotheticals, playing with antimatter, a covert
attack was launched upon Newton’s Front. Yet, Newton knew me. Newton knew
theoretical physicists. Newton knew physics without experimental verification
is a fantasy. Blow upon blow, loss after loss, the melody engulfed the harmony.
The harmony suffered. The harmony crumbled.

Bickering with giants of physics and maths, I
have come to love the sciences. Questioning string theory through my blog
Quanta Time, I fell in love with quantum mechanics. Arguing why turing
machines should not work, I fell in love with theoretical computer science.
And now, clashing with the Feynmans and the McCleans and the qubits,
I might just fall in love with quantum computing.

And these bickerings give rise to little bets. Little bets like designing and
programming  soil physics simulations illustrating irrigation and soil
chemistry for my uncle's team at UNL. Little bets like creating a quantum
computer simulator that can carry out elementary quantum programs such as Grover's
search algorithm. And little bets like using a quantum computer to calculate
ground state energies of small molecules.

Capitalizing on such little bets, I want to explore a career in research and
innovation in all that is physics and mathematics. Grad school, possible phD
thesis, a professor-ship are a bit bigger bets, but ones I am looking forward
to take. And this research project will only get me closer to those goals.

The simulation of small molecules does not excite me by itself. The exciting
aspect is rather the avenues that it forces me to search whether its
exploring the subtleties of quantum mechanics or using classical algorithms
to understand quantum subroutines. And the prospect of this such
new quantum computing technology to revolutionize the drug industry or
transform the subject of cryptography....its captivating.

Thus, I hope I can continue to bicker and thats that.




While arguing these giants, I have found use in making little bets. In the
summer of 2018, I decided to help my uncle with his physics simulations. This
led me to designing small educational minigames illustrating soil physics
concepts such as irrigation.

Following these trails of crumbs, I found myself utterly useless in the summer
of 2019...so much so that I designed a quantum simulator that could carry
out Grover's search algorithm. And out of this little bet fell out the
opportunity to work on a project of simulating ground state energies
of molecules using a quantum computer!

Falling the trail of these crumbs, I want to explore gravitational lensing
and insert why am I so interested in this project. The universe as a whole
has interested me for a lot o ftime. Why do the stars hang from the ceiling,
why do ...and then dark matter happened. In my fights with Newton, while
Newton may have sucker punched me with no antigravity, it seems he was wrong..
there is stuff called antigravity. And that is exciting. i wanna explore distant
universes

Picking these bread crumbs, I wish to make a bread...a finished product. I want
to pursue post grad studies and be a researcher because I wanna innovate...I
wanna invent and I wanna be so good that people can't ignore me. While I do want
to discover and invent, I wanna do physics. I want to do maths. I wanna do
computer science. I wanna combine all these 3 disciplines to do something
impressive. Thats my goal


found these imaginative fights quite useful for understanding hard
stuff. Whether its as simple as gravity or as unintuitive as the quantum
fourier transform algorithm, bickering, questioning, arguing seems







Aresty Essay


use vqe convergence code script and

How Desperate I am?
Taking notes on quantum mecahncis, inspired by string theory (brian greene),
blackhole podcasts, quantum computing (contributing to qiskit),

I actively follow SPS and attended their talks ...reference talk from Noah
Palladino on his project with particle physics and how I am inspired by that
opputunity....segue into gravitational lensing


Why am I qualified for research?
- Proffeicient in Python and Java
- Prev Pseudo-Research Experience: Physics simulation of earth science at UNL,
Working on simulating molecular energies with Schnetzer

start with how I wanted to immaturely disprove string theory
the way I fell in love with physics and maths
journey into quantum
having long text chats with friend on astrophysics astrophysics topics

programming experience with physics simulations of water seeping through the
rocks and how to design educational simulations. Contributing to qiskit,
made my own quantum simulator which can execute grovers algorithms.

how i can combine all this experience into gravitational lensing
